1/ TO BUILD

Run:
autoreconf && ./configure && make 

Then a:
make install

as root, to get rdup installed.

Optionally you can also do a:
make check

to run the test suite, note that you will need DejaGNU installed 
for this to work. If you find errors in this testrun, please
look at testlogs/rdup.log and send that to the author.

rdup depends on:
o Gmake for compilation
o Glib to build. Glib is the low level C library of the
  GTK project. Configure will check for this.
o PCRE library 
o LibNettle  - if you want rdup-tr to do path encryption and
  for sha hashing

optional:
o Libarchive - if you want to have rdup-tr

rdup should compile on all unix platforms out there. It is tested on
the following
o Linux
o Solaris
o FreeBSD

./configure will try to do the right thing, if you don't have
specific libraries certain functionality isn't built.

2/ DIFFERENCE WITH RSYNC

While rsync really works well, I wanted to have the ability to gzip
and/or encrypt the backed up files. rsync can not do that. That is why I
wrote rdup, which, with the help of rdup-tr and rdup-up will do that.

3/ DOCUMENTATION

rdup is a utility inspired by rsync and the plan9 way of doing backups.
rdup it self does not backup anything, it only print a list of absolute
filenames to standard output. Auxiliary scripts are needed that act on
this list and implement the backup strategy.  This way rdup can be kept
lean and mean. Currently the (stripped) rdup executable measures 31 KB (on
i386) and I don't expect that to increase much.

The manual page explains rdup's options and usage, see rdup(1). For an
introduction into making backups see rdup-backups(1).

The file list as printed starts with the root of the file dump and then
descends into directories. This way all top level directories can be
created in sequence. If you process the files in the same order no magic
is needed to create directories that otherwise might be missing. 
With the -R flag the order is reversed, a script must then create
intermediate directories - but it can set the permissions of these
later on. This allows directories with 600 permissions to contain
files.

4/ COPYRIGHT

All files in this archive are copyrighted by Miek Gieben, unless stated
otherwise in the file itself.

(c) Miek Gieben, 2005-2010.

5/ LICENSE

GPL, version 3, See the file LICENSE.
